added XPANSE tags (#2897)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
* Added the pack version to the code files when calling **unify**. The same value is removed when calling **split**.

> * Added support in the `<~XPANSE>` marketplace tag for release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for the `<~XPANSE>` marketplace tag on **update-release-notes**.
```

Author: It's not for update-release-notes, it's for the release notes generated by this command - but I'll make a combination of this and your suggestion 👍🏽
